hey guys what is going on and welcome
back to another madden 15 Ultimate Team
video so in front of you you guys see
that I finally won an auction to get
James Anderson the last player I needed
to complete the trophy set so I went
ahead I added the final elite badge and
there it is
99 overall Barry Sanders we also do get
that ultimate master collectible so soon
enough you guys will also see that by
herb Maxwell and kam chancellor but
first Barry Sanders 96 speed 84 TRUCKING
100 elusiveness so a quick look at our
lineup you can see our g3 still the
quarterback the wide receivers are still
the same but since this video is all
about Barry Sanders I decided to go
ahead and purchase the 1997 classic blue
vintage Lions jerseys I mean we got to
make Barry Sanders feel at home so we're
heading into week number seven we got to
get three wins to make the playoffs so I
noticed game was taking a while to load
and then once I finally did load it said
the connection to your peer has been
lost when I got back to the main menu
they gave your boy an L for that so I'm
like okay we just gotta shake it off and
we're in week number eight now you guys
can see we're starting off the second
half and my opponent is attempting an
onside kick now not only are we able to
recover it we're actually able to get a
pretty decent return it looks like we're
almost got a chance to take this one to
the house but we finally get pushed out
of Bounce at the 38 yard line soon after
that play the connection to your beer
has been lost now I did get a win for
that one so I decided to go ahead jump
into week number nine you guys can see
at the top of the screen there's four
minutes left in the first quarter what
is going on your peer has quit the game
so just like that three games in a row
two of them we get wins for what we get
a loss but for whatever reason my
opponents just kept on quitting so that
brings us to week number ten and yeah
it's win or go home if we win we make
the playoffs if we don't we are out and
let me tell you guys my opponent isn't
gonna quit this game so on 3rd and
inches he gives this one to lay beyond
bail he actually loses the yard so it's
gonna set him up for fourth and one and
I noticed he took out Peyton Manning and
putting QB Walter Payton now he's able
to fight his tight end for a first down
he breaks out of a couple tackles and
he's across midfield now so first and
ten
that comes peyton manning but it doesn't
matter because he goes right back to
labium battle he picks them about nine
yards in the play so in second and one
peyton manning looking left side but
Luke Kuechly is there to bet that one
away so it's gonna set him up once again
I'm third and one Peyton Manning hands
this one off to lady I Belle and he gets
pops and once again my opponent is faced
with a fourth down he goes with a
play-action pass and Antoine Bethea is
there to deflect it so we take over an
offense here's Barry Sanders really
nowhere to go you guys can see his four
rushes for eight yards my opponent has
really been stacking the box so one
second and 12 we find Gronk but again
man he's unable to hang on so on third
and 12 you know what I'm gonna go right
back to Rob Gronkowski he's able to hang
on this time and pick up a first down so
across midfield now you see we have a
receiver in motion Barry Sanders getting
to the outside Barry Sanders able to
keep his balance breaking out of some
tackles and he's finally brought down at
the 23-yard line ladies and gentlemen
that is a run I have not seen before
Barry Sanders out here making plays on
the next play you find Deon French he's
gonna set himself up inside the 10 it's
one second and goal I see Gronk he's
able to spin off a tackle and he's all
the way down at the 2 yard line so on
third and goal I decided to go with the
triple option here in rg3 he's gonna
keep himself for the game's first
touchdown my opponent is 36 seconds to
work with he's gonna start things off
with a run lady I'm Val has pretty much
been the main point of his offense so
one second and three is going with the
pass here is able to find Patterson the
outside and to make things worse he's
able to get out of bounds so he doesn't
have to burn his last timeout so again
Peyton Manning left side he finds
Freddie beam he's able to get out of
bounds so my opponent is putting
together a quality drive here 20 seconds
remaining across the middle finds Jimmy
Graham at tight end why don't more
people use Jimmy Graham and mut he
definitely needs to get a new card but
my opponent called the timeout and he
decided to kick a field goal with 16
seconds remaining so he left us with 12
seconds now that isn't a lot of time but
you guys know me I have a knack for
getting a field goal
and I probably shouldn't we find Steve
Smith it's with five seconds remaining
rg3 across the middle and again Steve
Smith comes up with a huge reception so
just like that in 12 seconds we moved
the ball over 50 yards down the field
and Greg Suhr line comes on to make the
field glow I mean that's like Russell
Westbrook offense right there but we're
playing football if that makes sense so
starting off the second half we're up
ten to three Barry Sanders again really
nowhere to go
here we're gonna run a screen play for
them and again my opponents defense is
just all over Barry Sanders I expected
on the breakout this game here on third
and six I thought this was Barry Sanders
and said it's Trey Mason but it doesn't
matter he is nowhere to go either so my
opponent takes over looking right side
but Richard Sherman is there in the
coverage so it's gonna set him up in
second intent Manning feeling the
pressure gets this one away finds his
receiver he's able to make a Juke move
and that is enough for another first
down so when second of ten I noticed he
brought back Walter Payton and while
Walter Payton he's looking like Peyton
Manning out there throwing a dot to
Patterson next play again another great
pass i opponents close to midfield now
on second and seven and here's where
Walter Payton started causing some
problems he's able to rush and pick up
that first down again in the next play
Walter Payton finds Le'Veon Bell and
lady I bow bounces off a tackler and
he's able to pick up a first down third
and 14 he brought back Peyton Manning
and that was a mistake Peyton Manning
throws an interception to the Super Bowl
hero Malcom Butler so all we needed was
a couple of first downs here's Barry
Sanders getting in the outside we're
trying to get him a touchdown here at
second and seven a counter play now
Barry Sanders makes Joe Hayden miss
Barry Sanders I thought we had that one
for a second Richard Sherman was able to
bring him down and just like that
we are headed to the playoffs Oh Barry
Sanders he didn't have a spectacular
game but we saw how good he can be on
that one Ronnie made in the first half
so I hope you guys enjoyed today's video
I will be back tomorrow with the
playoffs and also I'm gonna leave a
straw poll in the comments
down below I definitely need you guys to
vote for it thank you guys for so much
support and until next time I'm TV
presents and I'm signing out